>> Sreenivasan: RETURNING TO THE
MISTRIAL IN THE SEXUAL ASSAULT
TRIAL OF BILL COSBY, "WASHINGTON
POST" REPORTER MANUEL ROIG-
FRANZIA JOINS ME FROM
PHILADELPHIA.
HOW DID THE DEFENSE TEAM DO IT?
>> THE DEFENSE TEAM REALLY DID
IT THROUGH CROSS-EXAMINATION.
THEY POUNDED ON THE
INCONSISTENCIES IN ANDREA
CONSTAND'S STATEMENTS THAT SHE
MADE TO POLICE, THE DATES THAT
SHE GOT WRONG AND THEN HAD TO
LATER CORRECT.
AND THE SCENARIOS THAT STARTED
OUT ONE WAY WHEN SHE TALKED TO
POLICE AND ENDED UP ANOTHER.
>> Sreenivasan: THIS WAS ALSO
INTERESTING IN THAT WHO WAS NOT
THERE.
BILL COSBY DIDN'T TESTIFY IN
HIS OWN DEFENSE AND THERE ARE
OTHER PEOPLE WHO HAVE ACCUSED
COSBY IN THE PAST THAT WERE IN
THE STANDS BUT DIDN'T TESTIFY.
>> THE PROSECUTOR WANTED TO HAVE
13 PREVIOUS ACCUSERS OF BILL
COSBY'S TO TAKE THE STAND IN
THIS CASE.
THAT MIGHT HAVE HAD THE EFFECT
OF REALLY FLOODING THE ZONE,
TELLING THE JURY THAT EVEN IF
YOU HAVE SOME QUESTIONS ABOUT
ANDREA CONSTAND'S STATEMENTS,
THAT THERE'S JUST SUCH AN
OVERWHELMING NUMBER OF OTHER
WOMEN THAT YOU JUST WOULD HAVE
TO BELIEVE HER.
INSTEAD, THE JUDGE ONLY ALLOWED
ONE OTHER PREVIOUS ACCUSER.
AND AT THE END OF THE DAY, THAT
MIGHT HAVE HAD SOME EFFECT IN
GIVING THE UNCERTAINTY TO THE
JURY THAT LED THEM TO THIS
MISTRIAL.
>> Sreenivasan: ONE OF COSBY'S
SPOKESMEN CAME OUT KIND OF
JUBILANTLY AND SAID HIS
REPUTATION IS BACK, BUT HE'S NOT
OUT OF THE WOODS YET.
>> NO, HE'S ABSOLUTELY NOT OUT
OF THE WOODS.
THE PROSECUTOR, KEVIN STEELE,
DISTRICT ATTORNEY IN MONTGOMERY
COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA, WITHOUT
HESITATION SAID THAT HE'S GOING
TO RETRY THIS CASE.
AND I LOOKED OVER AT THE DEFENSE
TABLE.
I WAS JUST A FEW STEPS AWAY, AND
THERE'S BILL COSBY BY HIMSELF,
HANDS ON HIS FACE, LOOKING DOWN
AT THE GROUND.
AT THAT MOMENT, I THOUGHT THIS
IS A MAN WHO IS COMPLETELY
ALONE.
>> Sreenivasan: ALL RIGHT,
MANUEL ROIG-FRANZIA OF THE
"WASHINGTON POST," THANKS SO
MUCH FOR JOINING US.
>> MY PLEASURE.